(Draft) - Initial review (#1)
Azure-Samples/app-service-sample-workload: README.md

# App Services sample workload

> It is a simple web application which is able to connect a SQL Dadatabase.

Author: ```suggestion
This GitHub repository contains a simple web application sample that connects to an Azure SQL Database. The sample application supports reference implementations of articles published in the Azure Architecture Center (AAC).
```

> It supports App Service references implementations.

Author: ```suggestion
```

- App Service Simple Web App (coming soon)

> - [App Service Baseline implementation](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-baseline-implementation)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Baseline highly available zone-redundant web application](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-baseline-implementation)
```

## Features

> This project framework provides the following features:

Author: ```suggestion
The sample project provides the following features:
```

> - Home Page

Author: ```suggestion
- A simple Welcome page
```

  ![Home Page](homePage.png)

> - A page which show database Product Categories to show connectivity

Author: ```suggestion
- A product categories page to illustrate database connectivity
```

  ![Product Categories Pages](ProductCategoriesPages.png)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [.Net 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)
- [Visual Studio Community 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/community/)
- [Adventureworks database example](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/samples/adventureworks-install-configure)

> ### Installation

Author: ```suggestion
### To edit in Visual Studio
```

1. Install [Adventureworks database example](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/samples/adventureworks-install-configure)

> 1. Get connnetion string and add it on appsettings.json

Author: ```suggestion
1. Get connnetion string and add it to appsettings.json
```

1. Open SimpleWebApp.sln with Visual Studio

> > :warning: there is a already compiled version (SimpleWebApp.zip) which is going to be used in the reference implementations.

Author: ```suggestion
> :warning: the repo contains an already compiled version (SimpleWebApp.zip) of the solution which is going to be used in the reference implementations.
```

> > :warning: there is a already compiled version (SimpleWebApp.zip) which is going to be used in the reference implementations.

Author: Note for discussion:

I'd like to get rid of the zip file from this repo if possible. Let's discuss how to best handle the scenario
